hello this is xboxahoy and this is
episode 10 of my black ops weapon guide
glad you could join us in this episode
we're covering the second shotgun the
stakeout it's unlocked at level 8 and is
a pump-action weapon the stakeout is an
American firearm produced by the Ithaca
gun company of New York the stakeout is
a variant of the Ithaca model 37 named
for the year it was first produced the
model 37 is thickest best-selling and
most well known product with a simple
enduring design and rugged pump-action
the stakeout is the pistol grip variant
of the model 37 of a more compact size
due to its shorter barrel and the lack
of a stock the weapon has a tube
magazine with a capacity of four shells
it fires standard 12-gauge cartridges
likely double-aught buck in-game the
stakeout is a high damage shotgun with
each pallet on par with the Olympia
damage falls off a little sooner than
with the Olympia
but the pellets have a slightly longer
reach due to the pump action your rate
of fire is limited just 92 rounds per
minute or 109 per minute with the grip
attachment it also has the narrowest
spread of all the shotguns in game and
counter to what you may expect aiming
down the sights will narrow the spread
further
thus the high damage pad with the narrow
spread means you're far more likely to
see a one-hit kill towards the end of
your effective range just as well given
the slow rate of fire aim time is as
quick as an SMG and like the other
shotguns 200 milliseconds reload times
are a little different in that
cartridges are inserted individually the
first shell takes a second with
subsequent ones inserted every 0.6
seconds if you keep the weapon topped up
reloads are seldom an issue
like most of the shotguns the
attachments are few and far between
with just one available there's little
in the way of choice the grip is
definitely something you'll want though
as it offers two benefits with no
detriments whatsoever
the first is admittedly not much help
the reduction of recoil the grip grants
helps your aim settle faster but given
the time between shots this isn't any
help the second benefit is a faster fire
rate bumping your output to 109 rounds
per minute excluding reloads in cases
where your first shot doesn't kill this
can save your life
so the grip is a necessity given that
there's no benefit going without for
your secondary pistols are as ever the
more versatile backup for an aggressive
class elect whichever you're most
comfortable with
as for equipment in objective games the
tactical insertion will serve you very
well place it close to the objective
you're attacking in a non obvious
location and you'll be able to sustain a
near continuous assault tipping the odds
of success in your favor lethal grenades
are your preference semtex is probably
the best offensive choice and for your
tactical slot you'll either want
concussion or flash grenades or perhaps
smoke grenades for objective modes
flashbangs were my preferred tactical
grenade toss one among a group of
enemies and as long as you don't flash
yourself they'll be left helpless and
ripe for the picking shotguns are only
truly effective within a very narrow
range and unfortunately getting caught
outside of this range is sometimes
inevitable and will often get you killed
our first perk choice helps us close the
gap quicker and can make the difference
between a kill and a death the 7%
increase light weight grants will allow
you to dart into cover and run circles
around slower opponents often allowing
you to pop up with a least expect you
should generally stick to areas suiting
close quarter combat but sometimes open
areas are unavoidable light weight
minimizes your exposure and the pro
benefit eliminates fall damage often
allowing you to take unorthodox
shortcuts one general rule of thumb to
follow for weapons with a slower rate of
fire is to ensure maximum lethality perk
not in previous titles this meant that
the pump-action bolt-action or burst
fire weapons were all best with stopping
power when follow-up shots are slow
anything you can do to ensure the first
kills is very beneficial
of course stopping power isn't an option
in black ops but our second perk choice
hardened increases penetration effects
uncover and can sometimes make the
difference between a kill and a mere hit
marker when facing an enemy aware of
your presence needing two shots can
spell your demise so you don't want any
cover inadvertently getting in the way
of a lethal shot the pro benefit is also
helpful reduce flinch when you're hit or
prevent your shot from going off target
should you take incoming fire and will
help ensure the shot pattern is as
central as possible you'll want to aim
down sights almost all the time when
firing the stakeout so steady aim is
less useful
and although the you faster reload an
endtime upside of hand may be tempting
it won't increase your rate of fire and
otherwise won't make much of a
difference our third perk is a perfect
partner to lightweight and will do much
to ensure you can get close to your
enemy marathon increases your endurance
allowing infinite sprint the pro variant
in team games this is essential marathon
paired with a tactical insertion will
allow you to get behind the enemy and
take on groups by surprise often
securing multiple kills in a row enemies
unaware of your presence make easier
prey and a high mobility class with the
ability to choose your own spawn point
will allow you to show up and unexpected
places one thing to beware when using
marathon and lightweight is claymores
you are better off avoiding predictable
defensive spots and instead concentrate
on catching enemies on the move in
high-traffic areas the stakeout is not
suited to room clearing the automatic
weapons fare much better as there's less
penalty for missing your target with the
first shot
the stakeout has the most consistent
one-shot performance of all the shotguns
coupled with the longest reach within
the category if you're careful to line
up your shot to hit center mass on your
target you'll be surprised at how far
away you can secure a kill this reliable
one-hit kill
can work wonders when facing groups of
two or more enemies as in the time it
takes to cycle the action you can adjust
your aim to the next target potentially
killing three targets in a little over a
second this does demand a certain degree
of accuracy though a misplaced shot will
give the enemy time enough to defeat
your assault an occasional inconsistency
can foil your one-hit kill potential as
well if your first shot fails to kill
then the slow cycle time will be your
downfall an opponent aware of your
presence will have no trouble killing it
in the time it takes to reach aim burr
this weapon demands the highest degree
of precision within the shotgun category
but as long as your shots are accurate
and your position advantageous with the
stakeout your enemy will be almost
certain to meet their maker thanks for
watching this has been xboxahoy
join me next time when I'll be covering
the second LMG the RPK
until then farewell